feat(docs): update README of Card (then -> than) (#4140)
kiwicom/orbit: packages/orbit-components/src/Card/README.md

| :---------- | :--------------------------- | :------ | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| actions     | `React.Node`                 |         | Optional prop for Action components in header of Card                                                                |
| children    | `React.Node`                 |         | The content of the Card. You can use only [CardSection](#cardsection)                                                |
| dataTest    | `string`                     |         | Optional prop for testing purposes                                                                                   |
| id          | `string`                     |         | Set `id` for `Card`                                                                                                  |
| description | `React.Node`                 |         | The description of the Card                                                                                          |

> | header      | `React.Node`                 |         | The header of the Card. Useful when you need a different layout than the combination of eg `title` and `description` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| header      | `React.Node`                 |         | The header of the Card. Useful when you need a different layout than the combination of e.g. `title` and `description` properties. |
```

For the sake of consistency.

Author: Added the dots
